Yo
He turned out to be a woman from heaven
No wonder Lord Qin chose the official family
It seems that Sissi and the official family have a bright future.
Fortunately, we have already taken refuge in the official family
Today, after Lord Qianshang announced his marriage with the official family
I don't know how many people want to cling to the official family
Still can't cling
Miss Guan, I am willing to take my sister to marry into the Guan family
You have served her all your life
Haha, you are much smarter than your sister.
OK
I promised you, Shangguan Yu is my sister-in-law
All of you.
All witness
Shangguan Linglong
You look like an elf
Actually stupid
You missed your last chance
I see what you have to be proud of
Of course, watching you compete to jump into the pit
Happy
It's you, our official didn't invite you
Ye Feng, who let you in?
Why don't you get out of here?
You don't see what this place is
You are not children of aristocratic families
A rising star
Is that also the place where you, a migrant worker, came in?
What happened to the migrant workers?
I earn money from my own physical strength
Upright and innocent
What's better than you betraying your granddaughter's family?
And you Guan Qianqian
I had no idea.
When is it your turn to decide the triumph banquet?